fix: update vite.js guide to remove polyfill workarounds (#4950)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: docs/src/pages/[platform]/getting-started/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.react.mdx

### Webpack 5+: `Uncaught ReferenceError: process is not defined`

<Message
  variation="filled"
  colorTheme="info"
  >

>   Note: this issue was fixed in `aws-amplify` version 6. Polyfill is only required for `aws-amplify < 6` and Webpack 5+.

Reviewer: Little confused abt the second sentence here, is the polyfill only required for projects using `aws-amplify` versions less then 6 **and** `webpack` versions greater than 5 or either?

Author: Yeah, hard to word it YES both have to be true. Any suggestions to make it less confusing?

Reviewer: Hmmm, yeah kind of head to phrase. What do you think of
```suggestion
  Note: this issue has been fixed in `aws-amplify` version 6. The polyfill is only required for projects that use `aws-amplify` version 5 (or earlier) with Webpack version 5 (or later).
```

</Message>

> Follow the instructions below to if you are using Webpack 5:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions below if you are using Webpack 5:
```
